hello nice for combi again on the
channel of mainz deep I like to
Coffee and today I show you like 14
could introduce a house so one
gallery can lead a house like
You see, I already have four more
Houses could show how the whole thing could be done
I now as sharp as an empty one
land and you have to go online
be otherwise is not the whole of
would have to open here around galleries is only
the pressure is simply r4
then the gallery would have to open link
you click on lots and looking for
some house from me sometimes
motörhead so then just pick one
trick of what should I like
of course, must be customer-is
also exactly the same correct size
yes if not then it can stop
not out
you just look for a house on what should
I just take this one now
here it does not look so bad
Clicking on land place
then choose if you just do not
the line or mobile on a hook
and in leather short and then you have too
already the house and here it is
very fast
that does not have to be his master anymore
lasts is always just choose the house
yes and that's what the house tells me
now just inserted it and it will
that's it, too
reattach the house
I hope I would have liked it
Of course , another video
Do you want to add families?
and it probably will
let's play game where we are a family
start or which we insert immediately
or if you look and who's up
to play death for the summer
and yes that was it again from me
I liked the video and I liked it
do not forget to subscribe comment
and rate